What is diversity?
-> Worplace diversity refers to the variety of differences between individuals in an organization.
Diversity not only includes how individuals identify themselves but also how others perceive them.
A diverse worplace includes people with different characteristics from different background.

Elements of diversity
-> Age, Gender, Ethnicity, Race, Physical Ability, Sexual Orientation, Physical Characteristics, Education, Marital Status, Religious Beliefs, 
Geographical Location, Parental Status, Personality Type.

Importance of Diversity in workplace
-> Businesses that understand the importance of diversity in the workplace are known to perform better both financially and culturally.
When employees work with other people from different backgrounds,
they have the opportunities to learn from one another to produce higher quality product and services.
Having a diverse workplace will also foster a positive work environment in which employees grow and thrive.
Companies in the top quartile for racial and ethnic diversity are 35 percent more likely to have financial returns above their respective national industry medians.
Companies in the top quartile for gender diversity are 15 percent more likely to have financial returns above their respective national industry medians.
Diversity in leadership are 70% more likely to capture a new market.

1. Expand the talent pool
When the business is a champion for diversity in the workplace, it will expand its talent pool. 
Then employees will have different skillsets, background and experiences. 
They will be able to collaborate together and learn from each other which will make them more well rounded employees.

2. Promote Innovation
When employees from diverse backgrounds collaborate on projects, 
this will promote innovation on the team and on the organisation. 
Innovations will come from the conficts that arises when teams are diverse.
When you listen to different types of ideas from different types of people, 
you will have the opportunities to combine ideas to create innovation for your product and services.

3. Grow the business
Businesses having a diverse employee base are also known to have a diverse customer base. 
When the business show that they understand the importance of diversity in the workplace,
 it will help attract different types of customer which will help grow the business.
Employees can bring in customer via word of mouth which will also help expand your customer base.

4. Improve business reputation
The culture of a business is imperative if you want to attract and retain top talent within your organisation. 
Business with a diverse employee base are known to have conflicts, but they also resolve conflict for daily tasks or business processes.
These innovations help employees grow and thrive in their careers. 
Through speaking with the colleagues and customers, employees postive stories propagate a positive reputation for the business. 

-> Managing Diversity
Implementing organizational systems and practices so that potential advantages of diversity are maximized and disadvantages are minimized. 
Respecting Individuals + Valuing Differences + Reflect it in our employee base and customer base.